So what I want to show you guys in this module here is that you can actually make your development a
lot easier with dotnet core and I dot net with this new dot net watch command which is very similar
to the Web pack.
Watch if you guys have ever used that before.
But it listens for any sort of file changes that are being made.
And that way you can go ahead and you just have to run it one time and as you're making changes to the
server code you don't want to restart the application.
It's going to go on restart for you.
So in order for this to actually work you need to go to your NEW get go to your tools and get a package
manager go to the managed to get packages and here you can actually just type.
Watch.
So it's actually confusing because there's a few of them here in this that the watch is not actually
what we want.
So what I want you to do is type in watch your tools and this should actually pull up the one you want
which is Microsoft on Wotcher tools and we want to go and select we're going to install it to our first
application and then just go and click click install.
So basically for the sake of this we'll just make it easy.
But if you go to the command prompt where the project is located here and all you have to do is say
Dot Net watch run.
And then this will go through and it's going to start of the server for you.
So instead of the browser automatically opening up for you you're going to want to go and just pull
up a browser.
You can see it's listening on port 5 0 0 0 0 in there.
So if we go over to the localhost
it's still going to run the same exact application we're going go to the local 5000 You can see that
we get to this new music.
And if we go over to our music details one here you can see the name of the band we're getting.
I know it's very hard to read here but you can see we're getting the name Bayside here.
Now this is coming from the server so normally if I wanted to change that data I'd have to restart the
server.
And if we look at the controller where the data is coming from it's hard coded right into the controller
and passed down to the viewer.
So if I want to change this again normally we would have to restart the server but all I did was press
control.
And if we actually look at the code you can actually see that it didn't watch and it made a change here
to our application.
So without having to restart the server if I just refresh the page you're going to see that you have
the actual changes so it's much easier to go ahead and debug with this tool or just you know develop
with this tool saves a lot of time.